---
layout: default
title: >
    2019-11-18 - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway
---

# 2019-11-18 - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway

## Header Data

From: Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\><br>
Message Hash: 7537b2dfa589b7012ab4ebe4a5526c68699cebe413b7c05beb56c7c1f98806d1<br>
Message ID: \<2d906de3-cbfa-4136-9c7b-f45db3aaabd5@grasehotspot.org\><br>
Reply To: \<006c01d59e37$f422d110$dc687330$@gmail.com\><br>
UTC Datetime: 2019-11-18 11:32:43 UTC<br>
Raw Date: Mon, 18 Nov 2019 10:32:43 -0800<br>

## Raw message

```
{% raw  %}DNS works though.. 

But now I am concerned about the chilli config file.. how can I get the 
system to either re-install or re-compile the config?

On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 12:46:03 PM UTC-5, Daniel Crusoe wrote:
>
>
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/CAESLx0Lk0Dw1pQ8VuoWeL3n0CS47nXg3M9-BN2eXPM6Hc5A0Jg%40mail.gmail.com 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/CAESLx0Lk0Dw1pQ8VuoWeL3n0CS47nXg3M9-BN2eXPM6Hc5A0Jg%40mail.gmail.com?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
>  
>
>  
>
>  
>
> *From:* Bruce Johnson [mailto:bj***.@rsu13.org <javascript:>] 
> *Sent:* Monday, 18 November 2019 19:26
> *To:* Grase Hotspot <gr***.@grasehotspot.org <javascript:>>
> *Subject:* Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway
>
>  
>
> How can I get the system to rewrite the chilli config file?
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 12:05:01 PM UTC-5, Bruce Johnson wrote:
>
> I have rebooted.. no apt-get update.
>
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:57:04 AM UTC-5, Daniel Crusoe wrote:
>
> I know this is stupid to ask… have you tried turning it off and on again?
>
>  
>
> Also try in the “open dns” section to swop the # from the specified ip to 
> the hs_uamlisten (and make the specified ip ones specific to your area, or 
> just use the google ones of 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4)
>
>  
>
> Did someone run an apt-get update on your server, I have found that this 
> breaks many things when I do it, so… I don’t.
>
>  
>
> *From:* Bruce Johnson [mailto:bj***.@rsu13.org] 
> *Sent:* Monday, 18 November 2019 18:49
> *To:* Grase Hotspot <gr***.@grasehotspot.org>
> *Subject:* Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway
>
>  
>
> Chilli config says ETH0: while grase status page says em1:
>
>
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:47:32 AM UTC-5, Bruce Johnson wrote:
>
> Client can not ping or surf by ip.  Grase server connects to internet 
> fine, typing this from server.
>
> chilli config: 
>
>
> # -*- mode: shell-script; -*-
> #
> #   Coova-Chilli Default Grase Configurations. 
> #   To customize, copy this file to @ETCCHILLI@/config
> #   and edit to your liking. This is included in shell scripts
> #   that configure chilli and related programs before file 'config'. 
>
> ### Get dynamic vars from Grase Hotspot
> GRASE_VARS=$(cat /etc/dnsmasq.d/01-grasehotspot | grep \#)
>
> HS_NETWORK=$(echo "$GRASE_VARS" |grep chilli_network|awk '{print $2}');
> HS_NETMASK=$(echo "$GRASE_VARS" |grep chilli_netmask|awk '{print $2}');
> HS_UAMLISTEN=$(echo "$GRASE_VARS" |grep chilli_lanip|awk '{print $2}');
> HS_WANIF=$(echo "$GRASE_VARS" |grep chilli_wanif|awk '{print $2}');
> HS_LANIF=$(echo "$GRASE_VARS" |grep chilli_lanif|awk '{print $2}');
> #HS_POSTAUTH_PROXY=$(echo "$GRASE_VARS" |grep chilli_proxy|awk '{print 
> $2}');
> #HS_POSTAUTH_PROXYPORT=$(echo "$GRASE_VARS" |grep chilli_proxyport|awk 
> '{print $2}');
>
> ###
> #   Local Network Configurations
> # 
>
> HS_WANIF=${HS_WANIF:-eth0}            # WAN Interface toward the Internet
> HS_LANIF=${HS_LANIF:-p3p1}           # Subscriber Interface for client 
> devices
> #HS_LANIF=$(cat /proc/net/dev|grep -o eth.|grep -v $(route -n|grep 
> '^0.0.0.0'|head -n1|awk '{print $8}') | sort| head -n1)        # 
> Dynamically get unused network interface for LAN side
> HS_NETWORK=${HS_NETWORK:-10.1.0.0}         # HotSpot Network (must include 
> HS_UAMLISTEN)
> HS_NETMASK=${HS_NETMASK:-255.255.255.0}    # HotSpot Network Netmask
> HS_UAMLISTEN=${HS_UAMLISTEN:-10.1.0.1}     # HotSpot IP Address (on 
> subscriber network)
> HS_UAMPORT=3990            # HotSpot UAM Port (on subscriber network)
> HS_UAMUIPORT=4990          # HotSpot UAM "UI" Port (on subscriber network, 
> for embedded portal)
>
> # HS_DYNIP=
> # HS_DYNIP_MASK=255.255.255.0
> # HS_STATIP=
> # HS_STATIP_MASK=255.255.255.0
> HS_DNS_DOMAIN=hotspot.lan
>
> # OpenDNS Servers
> #HS_DNS1=208.67.222.222
> #HS_DNS2=208.67.220.220
> HS_DNS2=$HS_UAMLISTEN
> HS_DNS1=$HS_UAMLISTEN
>
> ###
> #   HotSpot settings for simple Captive Portal
> #
> HS_NASID=nas01
> HS_RADIUS=localhost
> HS_RADIUS2=localhost
> HS_UAMALLOW=$HS_UAMLISTEN,purewhite.id.au,hotspot.purewhite.id.au,
> grasehotspot.org
> HS_RADSECRET=hotspotradius    # Set to be your RADIUS shared secret
> HS_UAMSECRET=                 # Set to be your UAM secret
> HS_UAMALIASNAME=grase
>
> #  Configure RADIUS proxy support (for 802.1x + captive portal support)
> # HS_RADPROXY=on
> # HS_RADPROXY_LISTEN=127.0.0.1
> # HS_RADPROXY_CLIENT=127.0.0.1
> # HS_RADPROXY_PORT=1645
> # HS_RADPROXY_SECRET=$HS_RADSECRET
> #  Example OpenWrt /etc/config/wireless entry for hostapd
> #    option encryption wpa2
> #    option server $HS_RADPROXY_LISTEN
> #    option port $HS_RADPROXY_PORT
> #    option key $HS_RADPROXY_SECRET
>
>
> #   To alternatively use a HTTP URL for AAA instead of RADIUS:
> # HS_UAMAAAURL=http://my-site/script.php
>
> #   Put entire domains in the walled-garden with DNS inspection
> # HS_UAMDOMAINS=".paypal.com,.paypalobjects.com"
> # HS_UAMDOMAINS=".avast.com"
>
> #   Optional initial redirect and RADIUS settings
> # HS_SSID=<ssid>       # To send to the captive portal
> # HS_NASMAC=<mac address>  # To explicitly set Called-Station-Id
> # HS_NASIP=<ip address>    # To explicitly set NAS-IP-Address
>
> #   The server to be used in combination with HS_UAMFORMAT to 
> #   create the final chilli 'uamserver' url configuration.
> HS_UAMSERVER=$HS_UAMLISTEN
>
> #   Use HS_UAMFORMAT to define the actual captive portal url.
> #   Shell variable replacement takes place when evaluated, so here
> #   HS_UAMSERVER is escaped and later replaced by the pre-defined 
> #   HS_UAMSERVER to form the actual "--uamserver" option in chilli.
> HS_UAMFORMAT=http://\$HS_UAMSERVER/grase/uam/hotspot
>
> #   Same principal goes for HS_UAMHOMEPAGE.
> HS_UAMHOMEPAGE=http://\$HS_UAMSERVER/grase/uam/hotspot
>
> #   This option will be configured to be the WISPr LoginURL as well
> #   as provide "uamService" to the ChilliController. The UAM Service is
> #   described in: http://www.coova.org/CoovaChilli/UAMService
> #
> # HS_UAMSERVICE=
>
>
> ###
> #   Features not activated per-default (default to off)
> #
> # HS_RADCONF=off       # Get some configurations from RADIUS or a URL 
> ('on' and 'url' respectively)
> #
> # HS_ANYIP=on           # Allow any IP address on subscriber LAN
> #
> HS_MACAUTH=on           # To turn on MAC Authentication
> #HS_MACPASSWD="password"
> #
> # HS_MACAUTHDENY=on       # Put client in 'drop' state on MAC Auth 
> Access-Reject
> #
> # HS_MACAUTHMODE=local       # To allow MAC Authentication based on 
> macallowed, not RADIUS
> #
> # HS_MACALLOW="..."      # List of MAC addresses to authenticate (comma 
> seperated)
> #
> # HS_USELOCALUSERS=on      # To use the @ETCCHILLI@/localusers file
> #
> # HS_OPENIDAUTH=on       # To inform the RADIUS server to allow OpenID Auth
> #
> # HS_WPAGUESTS=on       # To inform the RADIUS server to allow WPA Guests
> #
> # HS_DNSPARANOIA=on       # To drop DNS packets containing something other
> #               # than A, CNAME, SOA, or MX records
> #
> # HS_OPENIDAUTH=on       # To inform the RADIUS server to allow OpenID Auth
> #               # Will also configure the embedded login forms for OpenID
> #
> # HS_USE_MAP=on           # Short hand for allowing the required google
> #               # sites to use Google maps (adds many google sites!)
> #
> ###
> #   Other feature settings and their defaults
> #
> # HS_DEFSESSIONTIMEOUT=0   # Default session-timeout if not defined by 
> RADIUS (0 for unlimited)
> #
> # HS_DEFIDLETIMEOUT=600       # Default idle-timeout if not defined by 
> RADIUS (0 for unlimited)
> #
> # HS_DEFBANDWIDTHMAXDOWN=0   # Default WISPr-Bandwidth-Max-Down if not 
> defined by RADIUS (0 for unlimited)
> #
> # HS_DEFBANDWIDTHMAXUP=0       # Default WISPr-Bandwidth-Max-Up if not 
> defined by RADIUS (0 for unlimited)
>
> ###
> # Centralized configuration options examples
> # 
> # HS_RADCONF=url       # requires curl
> # HS_RADCONF_URL=https://coova.org/app/ap/config
>
> # HS_RADCONF=on           # gather the ChilliSpot-Config attributes in
> #               # Administrative-User login
> # HS_RADCONF_SERVER=rad01.coova.org         # RADIUS Server
> # HS_RADCONF_SECRET=coova-anonymous         # RADIUS Shared Secret 
> # HS_RADCONF_AUTHPORT=1812             # Auth port
> # HS_RADCONF_USER=chillispot             # Username
> # HS_RADCONF_PWD=chillispot             # Password
>
>
> ###
> #   Firewall issues
> #
> # Uncomment the following to add ports to the allowed local ports list
> # The up.sh script will allow these local ports to be used, while the 
> default
> # is to block all unwanted traffic to the tun/tap. 
> #
> # HS_TCP_PORTS="80 443"
> HS_TCP_PORTS="80 443 22 2812 53 3990 3128"
>
> ###
> #   Standard configurations
> #
> HS_MODE=hotspot
> HS_TYPE=chillispot
> # HS_RADAUTH=1812
> # HS_RADACCT=1813
> HS_ADMUSR=CoovaChilli
> HS_ADMPWD=radmin
>
> # RADIUS Account update interval
> HS_DEFINTERIMINTERVAL=150
>
> ###
> #   Post-Auth proxy settings
> #
> #HS_POSTAUTH_PROXY=${HS_POSTAUTH_PROXY:-$HS_UAMLISTEN}
> #HS_POSTAUTH_PROXYPORT=${HS_POSTAUTH_PROXYPORT:-3128}
>
> #   Directory specifying where internal web pages can be served
> #   by chilli with url /www/<file name>. Only extentions like .html
> #   .jpg, .gif, .png, .js are allowed. See below for using .chi as a
> #   CGI extension.
> HS_WWWDIR=/etc/chilli/www
>
> #   Using this option assumes 'haserl' is installed per-default
> #   but, and CGI type program can ran from wwwsh to process requests
> #   to chilli with url /www/filename.chi
> HS_WWWBIN=/etc/chilli/wwwsh
>
> #   Some configurations used in certain user interfaces
> #
> HS_PROVIDER=Grase
> HS_PROVIDER_LINK=http://hotspot.purewhite.id.au/
>
>
> ###
> #   WISPr RADIUS Attribute support
> #
>
> HS_LOC_NAME="GRASE HotSpot"       # WISPr Location Name and used in portal
>
> #   WISPr settings (to form a proper WISPr-Location-Id)
> # HS_LOC_NETWORK="My Network"       # Network name
> # HS_LOC_AC=408               # Phone area code
> # HS_LOC_CC=1               # Phone country code
> # HS_LOC_ISOCC=US           # ISO Country code
>
>
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:41:45 AM UTC-5, Daniel Crusoe wrote:
>
> Once the client has logged in, see if they are able to ping to the outside 
> world via ip (such as the google dns server of 8.8.8.8) if they are able to 
> then it is the DNS issue I spoke of, if not… then test if the grase server 
> itself is able to contact the internet
>
>  
>
>  
>
> *From:* Bruce Johnson [mailto:bj***.@rsu13.org] 
> *Sent:* Monday, 18 November 2019 18:33
> *To:* Grase Hotspot <gr***.@grasehotspot.org>
> *Subject:* Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway
>
>  
>
> No, client has no internet.. Subnet Mask on EM1 shows up in Ubuntu, but 
> not on Grase status page.
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:31:02 AM UTC-5, toko Chuente wrote:
>
> Your problem is solved?
>
>  
>
> On Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 5:29 PM Bruce Johnson <bj***.@rsu13.org> wrote:
>
> /grase/uam from client gives voucher page.
>
> Client gets valid ip.
>
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:27:15 AM UTC-5, toko Chuente wrote:
>
> Ping 10.50.... Lan interface of your server reply good?
>
>  
>
> On Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 5:26 PM toko Chuente <ch***.@gmail.com> wrote:
>
> Try with another browser and your client have good IP?
>
>  
>
> On Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 5:24 PM Bruce Johnson <bj***.@rsu13.org> wrote:
>
> The connection was reset
>
> The connection to the server was reset while the page was loading.
>
>     The site could be temporarily unavailable or too busy. Try again in a 
> few moments.
>     If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer’s network 
> connection.
>     If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make 
> sure that Firefox is permitted to access the Web.
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:21:14 AM UTC-5, toko Chuente wrote:
>
> What problem exactly?
>
> Page doesn't existing? Or ?
>
>  
>
> If not existing your php code have error or file are not exist or corrupted
>
>  
>
> On Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 5:17 PM Bruce Johnson <bj***.@rsu13.org> wrote:
>
> /grase/radmin login gives:
>
> LAN
>
> IP Address
>
> 10.50.0.1 
>
> Subnet Mask
>
> 255.255.0.0 
>
> MAC Address
>
> Network Interface
>
> tun0
>
> WAN
>
> IP Address
>
> 192.168.1.171 
>
> Subnet Mask
>
> Gateway
>
> DNS 1
>
> 127.0.0.1
>
> DNS 2
>
>
>
> grase/uam redirects to http://10.50.0.1:3990/prelogin and has a problem 
> loading page.
>
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:14:22 AM UTC-5, toko Chuente wrote:
>
> When you call manually login what is request?
>
> http://lanip/grase/uam
>
>  
>
>  
>
> On Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 5:11 PM Bruce Johnson <bj***.@rsu13.org> wrote:
>
> System works, internet works.. only in grase clients does it not work.
>
>  
>
> Cable in EM1.  IFCONFIG and PING work fine.
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 11:08:11 AM UTC-5, toko Chuente wrote:
>
> Are you sure that you plug cable to em1?
>
> Put # to line who content Manuel 
>
>  
>
> Restart network services
>
> /etc/init.d/networking restart
>
>  
>
> And retry ifconfig and ping.
>
>  
>
> Grase is not problems. Problem is your system.
>
>  
>
> On Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 5:01 PM Bruce Johnson <bj***.@rsu13.org> wrote:
>
> # This file describes the network interfaces available on your system
> # and how to activate them. For more information, see interfaces(5).
>
> # The loopback network interface
> auto lo
> iface lo inet loopback
>
> # The primary network interface
> auto em1
> iface em1 inet dhcp
> iface p3p1 inet manual
>
>
> On Monday, November 18, 2019 at 10:55:44 AM UTC-5, toko Chuente wrote:
>
> Shortscreen your result of command cat /etc/network/interfaces 
>
>  
>
> On Mon, Nov 18, 2019, 4:53 PM Bruce Johnson <bj***.@rsu13.org> wrote:
>
> After running for a few years, today our Hotspot no longer serves 
> internet.  The status page shows the ip of the WAN nic, but the subnetmask 
> and gateway are blank.  IFCONFIG shows the subnet mask fine though.
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/a0869bff-0356-43a0-a916-e1150b983ae2%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/a0869bff-0356-43a0-a916-e1150b983ae2%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/58c0ddb6-7cd0-4369-8970-36567cb63206%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/58c0ddb6-7cd0-4369-8970-36567cb63206%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/f6172b93-c284-49ab-bde0-f9a43ed1da3d%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/f6172b93-c284-49ab-bde0-f9a43ed1da3d%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/f3146fa6-b692-4dcf-9983-b01ade1f511d%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/f3146fa6-b692-4dcf-9983-b01ade1f511d%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/ed1d0d3d-d76c-4316-8e07-0537404b4e92%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/ed1d0d3d-d76c-4316-8e07-0537404b4e92%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/14cd68e2-46bb-47e7-8bd9-78872f5e33bb%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/14cd68e2-46bb-47e7-8bd9-78872f5e33bb%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/11ec6d23-27c8-4603-83d9-e61a4c5fb265%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/11ec6d23-27c8-4603-83d9-e61a4c5fb265%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/b56c74a8-b6d1-49bd-8761-33ecc7b23eb8%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/b56c74a8-b6d1-49bd-8761-33ecc7b23eb8%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
> -- 
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> --- 
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups 
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an 
> email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org <javascript:>.
> To view this discussion on the web visit 
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/ad67a3dd-4da7-4695-b093-1ffa1f0abcd8%40grasehotspot.org 
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/ad67a3dd-4da7-4695-b093-1ffa1f0abcd8%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
{% endraw %}
```

## Thread

+ Return to [November 2019](/archive/2019/11)

+ Return to "[Bruce Johnson <bj***n<span>@</span>rsu13.org>](/authors/bj___n_at_rsu13_org)"
+ Return to "[toko Chuente <ch***o<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/ch___o_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Christopher Gregory <ch***y<span>@</span>mail.com>](/authors/ch___y_at_mail_com)"
+ Return to "[Daniel Crusoe <di***n<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/di___n_at_gmail_com)"

+ 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 07:53:22 -0800) - [WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/7ed5d9c81359033b7261809fee3c1a12c141aef0a8187b3ef5f5519869d7aad2) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
  + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 16:55:24 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/6a2a7a0368716cbc400649121545bed1ffdf90adc099a26e6ed5221659bda797) - _toko Chuente \<ch***o@gmail.com\>_
    + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:01:31 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/54ec70d8ab43b01b757de7939c4569754be655cd05daf838772942f8e9e4843a) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
      + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:07:56 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/0b71fedc68d939dda2a525c85eebe495b4f74e0e83630799cff586899bbedb6d) - _toko Chuente \<ch***o@gmail.com\>_
        + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:11:50 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/7cba77029ff4923345ae693b320a4a44bd13c49fb3689a90c5d9e1b76ae767ab) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
          + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:12:42 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/d844efc54968b74427a2eb0f2eca12dcae7765a7b022c3fcf1f5d023e700b90e) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
          + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:13:55 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/44c8f341c74b7ccd778efc040bd49fad13a28849a54c966edd2c68655f9ea6ab) - _toko Chuente \<ch***o@gmail.com\>_
            + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:17:49 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/13ef01c8528045fa29b627438389cee1ee09ee4c216c3bb00894fbfd80ac5d43) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
              + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:20:59 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/530883f9344b72bf46337dd3b03cd13e9a34e9b95691116d771b69cbae288504) - _toko Chuente \<ch***o@gmail.com\>_
                + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:24:15 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/64cc192456890e34b21f4bc772c3ac55621d4ff45ddd7bdebd0fd63a82a1e6fb) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                  + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:26:01 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/b0e7e00f446dd209a54b8556961fe6703ad171bb81699885f689a8a57d6fc429) - _toko Chuente \<ch***o@gmail.com\>_
                    + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:27:01 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/18c0c4e1048e1a386aaee68e84242fd566905acc80c77458f13baf3ca1c585f2) - _toko Chuente \<ch***o@gmail.com\>_
                      + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:29:41 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/9afda9008bee694e65cb5afbe128599783c1870fe63bcddcef3558fca963acdf) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                        + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 17:30:46 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/c381b4c0aafff60dc5f3ae3333c2226ac1a857d5dadaaa1bb93db31ef8a8db76) - _toko Chuente \<ch***o@gmail.com\>_
                          + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:32:37 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/efdf0c02dc156df9fde80592564bd8052c31fa700ce6c0879a80d64de4b21871) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                            + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 18:41:29 +0200) - [RE: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/936a745b44ad29d48f75c3e7233b443dcd253d9ca296f3f972ce33ccde3ce30d) - _Daniel Crusoe \<di***n@gmail.com\>_
                              + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:47:31 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/63fe6248a3eb88698532d802cb3fe58180458132be8ef12f869ce99524237582) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                                + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 08:49:21 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/4c34433d9308ec54d95ddff7fb356ec667d07fb4ed7e8661d52b76d51641d9cd) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                                  + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 18:56:36 +0200) - [RE: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/9176290b31b86a4390d66980c8c344f4dc6ff049b346cdd26cdcd009b2cecf02) - _Daniel Crusoe \<di***n@gmail.com\>_
                                    + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 09:05:00 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/e2771a135c1380fd38b47dee0af2246e7cc665bf15282bf1eab3e121abad3f45) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                                      + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 09:25:30 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/a1c15d5ca14c531be13cb23542b30fe217e7ecad77a5be2122432dc018b05c1c) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                                        + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 19:45:19 +0200) - [RE: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/d012a10bc3473bc18a38ee9e149eeef74a093c661eb775f9dd74f2bc2a09517f) - _Daniel Crusoe \<di***n@gmail.com\>_
                                          + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 10:32:43 -0800) - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                                            + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 20:41:40 +0200) - [RE: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/54797643640c86a871ca1901d0057a5fabad8e045b12e172223a5d091503928d) - _Daniel Crusoe \<di***n@gmail.com\>_
                                              + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 10:48:14 -0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/3e786d06ffb12bf88c233bac37c12fce248593cf27d1061f07f98635086f34c7) - _Bruce Johnson \<bj***n@rsu13.org\>_
                                                + 2019-11-19 (Wed, 20 Nov 2019 05:15:31 +0100) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/ec059ed6b14d9473077a8275055f3f8c47648ec80fce0d03c4ac6a5eff75b94f) - _Christopher Gregory \<ch***y@mail.com\>_
                                            + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 20:43:31 +0200) - [RE: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/3a7d99db72d28a8ca933283092de0d628c67c0cd40f73b63e78365dd73f98a29) - _Daniel Crusoe \<di***n@gmail.com\>_
                            + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 18:43:37 +0200) - [RE: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/d8804c6b96331c6cf676d5bd7286242fc16dafdf0ef648bcb7c9305302541df8) - _Daniel Crusoe \<di***n@gmail.com\>_
                      + 2019-11-18 (Mon, 18 Nov 2019 18:37:54 +0200) - [RE: [GRASE-Hotspot] WAN not showing Subnet Mask or Gateway](/archive/2019/11/23b08f23503ca4845bb6149c6898e2fe699a20518f411d2d5fe1743b451139bd) - _Daniel Crusoe \<di***n@gmail.com\>_

