---
layout: default
title: >
    2017-07-04 - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)
---

# 2017-07-04 - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)

## Header Data

From: George Perlington \<ge***e@seeag.com\><br>
Message Hash: 91680941ee90d22ba3ca840685e660b548526e209900872cd27c32e0e1d5c91a<br>
Message ID: \<CAKTB4c-NBgATNut8REkqgqfq1cmcv790xft-wOKj-ABVz-7ztg@mail.gmail.com\><br>
Reply To: \<5679b169-942b-47e9-a904-1f53082e05b9@grasehotspot.org\><br>
UTC Datetime: 2017-07-04 07:05:31 UTC<br>
Raw Date: Tue, 04 Jul 2017 22:05:31 +0800<br>

## Raw message

```
{% raw  %}Dear Ali

Hope you are well . what aplication use for grase ?

Thanks,
George

On Tue, Jul 4, 2017 at 9:19 PM, Ali DF. <al***u@gmail.com> wrote:

> hey tim, glad to hear from u.
> i would also gladly donate to this project. just give me information on
> how to do and i'll do it as soon as i can (there are some limitation for
> that where i live, but there is always a way).
>
> On Friday, June 16, 2017 at 1:20:51 AM UTC+4:30, timwhite88 wrote:
>>
>> To the community of Grase Hotspot users,
>>
>> It's been a while since I updated you on my intention and hopes for the
>> Grase hotspot, so I thought it time to check in and share what's been going
>> on.
>>
>> I have been working on some changes to the Grase Hotspot, and I have a
>> full roadmap that I want to share with you about where we're heading and
>> exciting new functionality I want to include. I've started on the multiple
>> package repositories and moving the backend to Symfony, but there's lots
>> more work to be done.  I've included the road map at the end of this email.
>>
>> The limiting factor for all of this at the moment is time.  I currently
>> work full time at my day job and come home just in time to eat with my wife
>> and four small children and do bedtime (which if any of you have children
>> know takes far more time than I'd ever thought possible before).  I would
>> desperately love to put some good time into expanding the functionality of
>> Grase hotspot and making it work really well, but I just simply don't have
>> the time.  I've thought about a lot of different ways to be able to work on
>> it AND bring money in to feed the family, but I haven't come up with
>> anything that doesn't commercialise it and make it less accessible than it
>> is now.  Then it occurred to me that it just may be possible that there are
>> others out there who would be willing to support this project.
>>
>> What I'm interested in finding out is if there is any interest in this
>> community supporting me to make the Grase Hotspot to the next level.
>> Something like Patreon (although ideally without the 5% fees they take)
>> where people or businesses would commit to a monthly amount to help make
>> this my "day job."  If there was enough interest to cover even 1 or 2 days
>> work a week, then the hotspot would progress much, much faster.
>>
>> I've been working on this project since I first developed the Grase
>> hotspot 9 years ago.  I'm a big believer in open source software, so I have
>> no intention of closing the community out by making it closed source, or
>> making a paid "premium" version.  When a cloud version is developed, I
>> would probably sell a hosted version, simply to make it easier for people
>> who just want to run a small hotspot (e.g. with an OpenMesh AP), including
>> for families, without the work of hosting the backend.  However this would
>> still be the open source version.
>>
>> If you think you can assist with making the Grase Hotspot my "day job,"
>> I'd love to hear from you.
>> Otherwise things will continue to progress as my time permits.
>> I'm committed to this, and will continue to be, no matter what that looks
>> like.
>>
>> Thanks for using the Grase Hotspot and for being a part of this community.
>>
>> Tim
>>
>> *Hotspot Roadmap*
>> As many of you are aware, the current 3.8 version doesn't run on Ubuntu
>> 16.04, or Debian 9. There are technical difficulties with getting things to
>> run (in PHP) both on 14.04, 16.04 and Debian 9, not helped by some legacy
>> aspects of the Grase codebase (PEAR libraries anyone?).
>>
>> I have a mini roadmap of where I'd like to take Grase for version 4, so I
>> might as well share it with you all.
>>
>>    - PHP 7 (Will be required, makes for a nicer codebase)
>>    - RESTful API for backend (Symfony based)
>>    - Javascript based frontend (Angular/React, or something else)
>>       - Mobile friendly
>>    - The merging of the radius and radmin databases into one with proper
>>    foreign keys where possible (We are still somewhat restricted with the
>>    Freeradius SQL schema)
>>    - Latest Coova Chilli
>>    - Multiple package repositories, one per distribution, so we can
>>    better support different versions of dependencies (Freeradius 2 vs 3)
>>    - Support "cloud" deployments. Where the Database/Backend can be
>>    hosted away from the wireless access controller, coova-chilli. This would
>>    also allow multiple sites from one database/backend
>>
>> My intention would be to bring all current functionality from 3.8 into 4,
>> although some  features may have to wait until 4.1.
>>
>> Work has already been done on the multiple package repositories, and
>> moving the backend to Symfony. The database merge is also done as part of
>> that.
>>
> --
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> ---
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
> email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org.
> To post to this group, send email to gr***t@grasehotspot.org.
> Visit this group at https://groups.google.com/a/
> grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspot/.
> To view this discussion on the web visit https://groups.google.com/a/
> grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/5679b169-942b-
> 47e9-a904-1f53082e05b9%40grasehotspot.org
> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/5679b169-942b-47e9-a904-1f53082e05b9%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer>
> .
>
{% endraw %}
```

## Thread

+ Return to [June 2017](/archive/2017/06)
+ Return to [July 2017](/archive/2017/07)
+ Return to [August 2017](/archive/2017/08)

+ Return to "["Ali DF." <al***u<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/al___u_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[George Perlington <ge***e<span>@</span>seeag.com>](/authors/ge___e_at_seeag_com)"
+ Return to "["[KIRA_90]" <ki***0<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/ki___0_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Louis Kwenda <lo***3<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/lo___3_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[christopher <me***e<span>@</span>pc-networking-services.com>](/authors/me___e_at_pcnetworkingservices_com)"
+ Return to "[nikolaosp <ni***p<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/ni___p_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Timothy White <ti***8<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/ti___8_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Vikram Yadav <vi***n<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/vi___n_at_gmail_com)"

+ 2017-06-15 (Fri, 16 Jun 2017 06:50:49 +1000) - [Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/06/ba252d22f17490004c7d25792aefd717a63e585f41ab1bc10e22eb5e629351d9) - _Timothy White \<ti***8@gmail.com\>_
  + 2017-06-21 (Wed, 21 Jun 2017 09:53:09 -0700) - [Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/06/7d3e405d5d0725c098dfb3dae24c063951d02c555ab129c3e97532208631d0cb) - _Vikram Yadav \<vi***n@gmail.com\>_
    + 2017-06-22 (Thu, 22 Jun 2017 19:41:49 +0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/06/1398ba901837b173db89f8adce7943e0feb5fd85d4f1b87874ece74c4f02161f) - _"[KIRA_90]" \<ki***0@gmail.com\>_
  + 2017-06-27 (Tue, 27 Jun 2017 10:59:26 -0700) - [Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/06/9478a3855bf472a1e64dac414b23d290a3050213862420e502c05e54f7896fb7) - _nikolaosp \<ni***p@gmail.com\>_
  + 2017-07-04 (Tue, 04 Jul 2017 06:19:10 -0700) - [Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/07/5151640e6b644f097af6ed2ad3ff77db3157353002aef9a62c23a7eea8115192) - _"Ali DF." \<al***u@gmail.com\>_
    + 2017-07-04 (Tue, 04 Jul 2017 22:05:31 +0800) - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap) - _George Perlington \<ge***e@seeag.com\>_
  + 2017-07-04 (Tue, 04 Jul 2017 06:21:25 -0700) - [Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/07/9b03d06d91850461ac9a5cc1e3b30f966fe1dcccc32cc69ed771445a1955faaa) - _"Ali DF." \<al***u@gmail.com\>_
    + 2017-07-04 (Wed, 05 Jul 2017 00:25:42 +0800) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/07/0251b1b6f52d36b3ae8a487df5fd613ad6dcda5ff4f9f857119aa6bd5aba87cb) - _George Perlington \<ge***e@seeag.com\>_
      + 2017-07-25 (Tue, 25 Jul 2017 23:41:02 -0700) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/07/44833e09b39ddb07d375aa68eaa4d1a5a382be7cdf08e02f091638631034c8be) - _"Ali DF." \<al***u@gmail.com\>_
  + 2017-08-29 (Tue, 29 Aug 2017 08:29:32 -0700) - [Re: Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/08/af97a9b4c706a46b2225474db47156bef780f32aaa052b4daa336c6dd4d31ae2) - _christopher \<me***e@pc-networking-services.com\>_
  + 2017-08-29 (Tue, 29 Aug 2017 20:40:56 +0200) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Version 4.0 funding discussion (Mini roadmap)](/archive/2017/08/adfd9f1d1681229076182881782e510b4a8a0d8a68a8e4c59bb1b55d4352b607) - _Louis Kwenda \<lo***3@gmail.com\>_

