---
layout: default
title: >
    2016-05-26 - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] dhcp lease pool after default install
---

# 2016-05-26 - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] dhcp lease pool after default install

## Header Data

From: Timothy White \<ti***8@gmail.com\><br>
Message Hash: 2706bdd6d126417167caa90f8233fa9a2844cb234dffd044bebce24b58dde005<br>
Message ID: \<CAESLx0+rKRXGjEA-2N1qzWTJ+ot6zJ4zh=tGTo-behjh=vxfGg@mail.gmail.com\><br>
Reply To: \<a6092e880d5afb01cd230c49ad4678c8.squirrel@www.pc-networking-services.com\><br>
UTC Datetime: 2016-05-26 13:17:44 UTC<br>
Raw Date: Fri, 27 May 2016 06:17:44 +1000<br>

## Raw message

```
{% raw  %}Hi Christopher

The DHCP leases are handled by coova chilli, so they aren't written to a
database table. I'll add sudo to the list of required packages.

Can you open a bug on github for viewing more lease details, and I'll work
out what more I can get from coova chilli. It's almost uni exam time and
I've got a few exams and assignments to go before I'm finally finished, so
unfortunately it might be a few weeks before I can look at this in depth.

Tim
On 26 May 2016 10:47 PM, "'Christopher Gregory' via Grase Hotspot" <
gr***t@grasehotspot.org> wrote:

> Hello Tim,
>
> Well after hours of poking around editing Grase specific files I found out
> why the dhcpleases page displayed nothing.
>
> In the file /usr/share/grase/src/Grase/Util.php you have added sudo to the
> exec command to display the information.  On a default Debian installation
> sudo is not installed so the information can never get displayed.  After I
> installed sudo the page displays the information.
>
> I was rather expecting it to display the lease start time and expiry time.
>
> What modifications to the database tables and commands would be needed to
> display this?
>
> Regards,
>
> Christopher.
>
> On Thu, May 26, 2016 5:08 am, 'Christopher Gregory' via Grase Hotspot
> wrote:
> > Hello Tim,
> >
> >
> > I need the dhcp leases page working.  I have no idea what changes you
> > have made to the original freeradius configs.  Having looked in the
> > database there is NO table entries for dhcp pool or leases or any call to
> > any file that it is in.
> >
> > The information seems to be sent to devnul.
> >
> >
> > I need the exact file that this is in.  It is not working, and yet I have
> >  to wade through the garbage that the other person posted.
> >
> > I guess if no one is willing to actually assist with this that I will
> > have to look for another hotspot as having the information in syslog is
> > USELESS.
> >
> >
> > Christopher.
> >
> >
> > On Wed, May 25, 2016 7:28 pm, 'Christopher Gregory' via Grase Hotspot
> > wrote:
> >
> >> Hello Tim,
> >>
> >>
> >>
> >> Well I guess I spoke too soon with regards to it working.  For some
> >> weird reason it stopped and people were not able to login.  For me it
> >> stopped resolving domain names but I was able to ping or access websites
> >> via the ip address.
> >>
> >> I went ahead and changed grase to 192.168.0.1 via radmin and rebooted
> >> the server.
> >>
> >> Then this network made a complete liar of me and started issuing ip
> >> addresses in the 192.168.0.x range and I was able to log in and once
> >> again dns started working correctly.
> >>
> >> This still has not resolved the issue of the dhcp leases page as the
> >> leases are still logged to syslog.
> >>
> >> I have left the TENDA on 10.0.0.1 as it does not really matter if it
> >> can not be accessed remotely as it is only an ap.
> >>
> >> Do you have any idea why this would suddenly stop working on both
> >> wireless and wired?
> >>
> >> I hope that it runs longer than a day without me having to reboot or
> >> otherwise mess around with config files.
> >>
> >> Regards,
> >>
> >>
> >>
> >> Christopher.
> >>
> >>
> >>
> >> On Wed, May 25, 2016 4:44 pm, 'Christopher Gregory' via Grase Hotspot
> >> wrote:
> >>
> >>
> >>> Hello Tim,
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> I am going to detail the exact setup I have here and clarify what I
> >>> did/tried in the order that I did it.
> >>>
> >>> The setup here network wise is this:
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> 1) We have a fibre access point on the wall.
> >>> 2) A tplink wireless router has the ethernet cable from the fibre
> >>> access point plugged into the WAN port on the router. 3) A network
> >>> cable is plugged into one of the LAN ports on the tplink wireless
> >>> router and plugs into eth0 on the server. 4) On the LAN network we
> >>> have the TENDA wireless router, which is setup as an wireless access
> >>> point in its settings.  The dhcp functionality is turned off as is the
> >>> pppoe username/password, as it is strictly being used to give wireless
> >>> access to the internet. I have one network cable plugged into a LAN
> >>> port of this TENDA wireless router plugged into eth1 on the server.
> >>> Also plugged
> >>> into a LAN port is a cable going into a Ethernet over power adapter
> >>> which is what I use to connect to the internet and administer the
> >>> LAN.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> You should now have, I hope, a clear indication of what setup we have
> >>>  here.
> >>>
> >>> Now we were using a windows 2003 server which was running antamedia
> >>> hotspot.
> >>>
> >>> The ipaddress of the LAN was set to static with an ip address of
> >>> 192.168.0.5.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> The TENDA had an ip address of 192.168.0.1.  The WAN network card was
> >>>  set to a static ip of 192.168.1.2.
> >>>
> >>> Antamedia handled the dhcp and adding of users etc.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> Now the following is what I did to setup grase:
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> 1) Disconnected the windows drive from the motherboard and put in a
> >>> 120gig
> >>> sata drive.
> >>>
> >>> 2) I installed debian jessie using expert mode and unchecked desktop
> >>> environment and checked ssh and webserver.  I left the system
> >>> utilities checked.
> >>>
> >>> 3) I completed the installation.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> 4) I ran apt-get update to update the packages and also aptitude
> >>> update just to make sure everything was in sync.
> >>>
> >>> 5) I then did:
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> apt-get install sysvinit-core sysvinit-utils cp
> >>> /usr/share/sysvinit/inittab /etc/inittab
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> rebooted and auto-purged systemd and pinned it and the packages that
> >>> depend on it in apt-sources so that it would not install it again.
> >>>
> >>> 6) I then installed mysql-server, php, phpmyadmin etc.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> 7) I changed the network interface of eth1 to be manual.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> 8) I then went through and installed the grase-repo and installed
> >>> grasehotspot.
> >>>
> >>> As you can see at this point I have changed nothing on the TENDA. I
> >>> have left the network strictly alone.
> >>>
> >>> 9) I then updated apt again and ran apt-get upgrade to make sure that
> >>>  everything was at the newest possible level.
> >>>
> >>> 10) I then rebooted the server and came down to my room and tested
> >>> access to the default 10.1.0.1 grase admin interface, which worked
> >>> fine. I
> >>> changed nothing at all at this stage in grase or on the network.
> >>>
> >>> 11) I then got people to try and connect to the hotspot just to see
> >>> if they could bring up the login page as I had configured no users at
> >>> this point.  They were not able to bring up the login page.
> >>>
> >>> 12) It was then at this point that I logged back into the server and
> >>> found that it was actually issuing ip addresses in the 10.0.0.1 range.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> 13) It was ONLY at this stage that I went in and changed the ip
> >>> address and netmask on the TENDA to be in the same range that they
> >>> were able to bring up the login page.
> >>>
> >>> The ONLY change that I made to an out of the box installation was to
> >>> COPY
> >>> grase from /usr/share into /var/www as it would not bring it up from
> >>> the default location.  I had to change grase config to point to the
> >>> new location of course.
> >>>
> >>> If after reading this you still think changing grase would get the
> >>> dhcp leases page to work, I am willing to try it.  At this stage
> >>> everyone is able to log in and browse the internet using grase.
> >>>
> >>> I just have no idea why a default installation would not work
> >>> straight away.
> >>>
> >>> As to your question of what model the TENDA is, I would have to get
> >>> up the ladder to actually see that.
> >>>
> >>> Sorry for this rather long and detailed reply but I needed to make
> >>> sure that you knew exactly what I did.
> >>>
> >>> Regards,
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> Christopher.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> On Wed, May 25, 2016 9:25 am, Timothy White wrote:
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>>> Hi Christopher
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>> If the Wireless "Router" is truely just acting as an Access Point,
> >>>> and not routing, then you can ignore what range it's on and just
> >>>> configure the Grase Hotspot how you wish. Ideally, you want your
> >>>> management IP's on Wireless AP's to be on a different network to
> >>>> your clients, so a rogue client can't easily discover the AP's
> >>>> management to attempt to break in. If it's a true Access Point, it's
> >>>> IP being on
> >>>> a different network to the clients and the Grase Hotspot won't stop
> >>>> it working, as all it's doing is passing Layer 2 traffic around,
> >>>> where IP is Layer 3.
> >>>>
> >>>> Do you know the model number of the AP?
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>> Also, can you try putting Grase onto something like
> >>>> 192.168.0.1/255.255.255.0 (your WAN is 192.168.1.0/255.255.255.0 so
> >>>> no conflict there). I think you'll find it'll just work regardless
> >>>> of your AP's settings. (Note: you'll probably want to reboot after
> >>>> changing the IP range, there are some small bugs that a reboot
> >>>> fixes)
> >>>>
> >>>> Tim
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>> On Wed, May 25, 2016 at 12:06 AM, 'Christopher Gregory' via Grase
> >>>> Hotspot
> >>>> <
> >>>> gr***t@grasehotspot.org> wrote:
> >>>>
> >>>>> Hello Tim,
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>> I had to change the ip range from the default due to the fact
> >>>>> that it was giving out ip addresses in the 10.0.0.x range right
> >>>>> after it went live.
> >>>>>
> >>>>> It was not my choice to use the 255.0.0.0 mask.  The tenda will
> >>>>> only accept that mask with the 10.x range. It gave the error that
> >>>>> the subnet could not be segmented or something along those lines.
> >>>>> I
> >>>>> searched google and found someone with the same issue and that was
> >>>>>  the manufacturers advice.  When I first did the installation I
> >>>>> had not changed the ip address on the wireless router.  It was
> >>>>> still set to 192.168.0.1.
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>> I want to ditch that wireless router and get one that has
> >>>>> gigabyte lan ports.  Wireless access can get a little patchy as
> >>>>> the main house is totally concrete.
> >>>>>
> >>>>> Regards,
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>> Christopher.
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>> On Wed, May 25, 2016 12:05 am, Timothy White wrote:
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>> I'm not sure why, but the range in the database isn't the
> >>>>>> default one. Have you since changed it?
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> 1. #chilli_lanip 10.0.0.2
> >>>>>> 2. #chilli_wanif eth0
> >>>>>> 3. #chilli_lanif eth1
> >>>>>> 4. #chilli_network 10.0.0.0
> >>>>>> 5. #chilli_netmask 255.0.0.0
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> If you changed the netmask to 255.0.0.0, then even with an IP
> >>>>>> of 10.1.0.1
> >>>>>> as the server IP, it would start the DHCP range at 10.0.0.1
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> A good tool to see ip ranges is sipcalc. You can see that the
> >>>>>> start of the range is 10.0.0.1. You also have a stupidly large
> >>>>>> IP
> >>>>>> range. You
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>> should
> >>>>>> reduce your netmask to something reasonable, such as
> >>>>>> 255.255.255.0,
> >>>>>> or 255.255.254.0 if you need more than 250 odd clients.
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> Tim
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> $sipcalc 10.1.0.1/8
> >>>>>> -[ipv4 : 10.1.0.1/8] - 0
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> [CIDR]
> >>>>>> Host address - 10.1.0.1
> >>>>>> Host address (decimal) - 167837697
> >>>>>> Host address (hex) - A010001
> >>>>>> Network address - 10.0.0.0
> >>>>>> Network mask - 255.0.0.0
> >>>>>> Network mask (bits) - 8
> >>>>>> Network mask (hex) - FF000000
> >>>>>> Broadcast address - 10.255.255.255
> >>>>>> Cisco wildcard - 0.255.255.255
> >>>>>> Addresses in network - 16777216
> >>>>>> Network range - 10.0.0.0 - 10.255.255.255
> >>>>>> Usable range - 10.0.0.1 - 10.255.255.254
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> On Tue, May 24, 2016 at 9:34 PM, 'christopher' via Grase
> >>>>>> Hotspot
> >>>>>> <
> >>>>>> gr***t@grasehotspot.org> wrote:
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>> Hello Tim
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> Here is the support information as requested:
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> https://paste.grasehotspot.org/view/76b9031d
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> With regards to something else giving out the incorrect
> >>>>>>> leases, that is not possible.  Reason I can confidently state
> >>>>>>> that is that this was on a fresh install of Debian.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> When I encountered that error ie after the fresh install I
> >>>>>>> did indeed check in radmin page and the 10.1.0.1 ip was listed
> >>>>>>>  there. I then did a complete wipe of the harddrive again and
> >>>>>>> a fresh install of Debian. The wireless router before this
> >>>>>>> installation had an ip address of 192.168.0.1 and dhcp was not
> >>>>>>> enabled on it as we were using a windows based commercial
> >>>>>>> hotspot which handled the dhcp itself, and that harddrive is
> >>>>>>> physically disconnected from the motherboard.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> I am totally puzzled as to where the dhcp range was being
> >>>>>>> allocated from. I am the only one who administers the network.
> >>>>>>>  I
> >>>>>>> checked after the second clean installation and the only dhcp
> >>>>>>> that is installed is dhcp-client.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> The  /etc/dnsmasq.d/01-grasehotspot after both installs had
> >>>>>>> shown the default per your instructions ip address of
> >>>>>>> 10.1.0.1.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> I could accept that on a server that had been running that
> >>>>>>> things can go wrong, which is why I find that after I have
> >>>>>>> been testing things out and made changes that I do a complete
> >>>>>>> re-installation of the operating system prior to putting the
> >>>>>>> server into use.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> Before installing gracehotspot or anything else I purged
> >>>>>>> systemd. I will not use systemd in a production environment at
> >>>>>>> this stage, even though I have tested it out for a couple of
> >>>>>>> years on my own computer.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> I normally compile the whole os from scratch, but as the
> >>>>>>> owner of the backpackers is not an IT person it is better to
> >>>>>>> have a system that can get regular security updates.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> I am glad to be finally rid of windows 2003 server.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> It may well be that we will never work out exactly where it
> >>>>>>> was picking the ip pool up from.  I just hate mysteries like
> >>>>>>> that.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> Regards,
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> Chrristopher.
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> On Tuesday, 24 May 2016 22:09:04 UTC+12, timwhite88 wrote:
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>> Hi Christopher
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>> It may help to collect support information as stated on
> >>>>>>>> https://grasehotspot.org/support/collecting-support-informat
> >>>>>>>> io n/ The IP range that is served is set in the Admin
> >>>>>>>> interface. You
> >>>>>>>> can see on the demo version the correct location (
> >>>>>>>> http://demo.grasehotspot.org/grase/radmin/netconfig)
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>> You can also check /etc/dnsmasq.d/01-grasehotspot to see
> >>>>>>>> that the settings are actually being sent as expected. That
> >>>>>>>> file is used by dnsmasq and coova-chilli to load the network
> >>>>>>>> range. I
> >>>>>>>> wonder if you somehow have something other than coova-chilli
> >>>>>>>>  serving DHCP, and hence that's why it's not appear in the
> >>>>>>>> DHCP
> >>>>>>>> leases page, and also giving the correct lease.
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>> I have a Debian Jessie testing machine, so I'll check that
> >>>>>>>> DHCP
> >>>>>>>> leases page works for me.
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>> Tim
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>> On Tue, May 24, 2016 at 6:24 PM, 'christopher' via Grase
> >>>>>>>> Hotspot
> >>>>>>>> <
> >>>>>>>> gr***.@grasehotspot.org> wrote:
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> Hello,
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> After attempting to get daloradius, freeradius, mysql and
> >>>>>>>>>  dhcp to work nicely together I discovered grasehotspot
> >>>>>>>>> so I did a fresh install of Debian Jessie.  No desktop
> >>>>>>>>> just LAMP and ssh server.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> After installing gracehotspot the admin url etc is
> >>>>>>>>> 10.1.0.1,
> >>>>>>>>> so I had assumed that this is the range that would hand
> >>>>>>>>> out ip addresses. After people failing to obtain an ip
> >>>>>>>>> address I checked the iptables --list and it showed all
> >>>>>>>>> the forwarding rules with the 10.1.0.1 range as you would
> >>>>>>>>> expect.  What I did not expect and really would
> >>>>>>>>> appreciate knowing where in the config files to find it,
> >>>>>>>>> is that for some bizzar reason it was allocating ip
> >>>>>>>>> addresses in the 10.0.0.0 range.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> I ended up changing the ip address on the wireless router
> >>>>>>>>>  to the 10.0.0.x range, and having to change the default
> >>>>>>>>> 10.1.0.1
> >>>>>>>>> settings used for the installation.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> The setup we have here is that there is an tplink
> >>>>>>>>> wireless router on the wall (dhcp is disabled on it so no
> >>>>>>>>> dhcp there) with the ethernet cable plugged into a
> >>>>>>>>> straight ethernet port rather than the wan port.  This
> >>>>>>>>> then goes to the server and plugs into eth1.  Eth0 goes to
> >>>>>>>>> another tplink gigabit wireless router that is plugged
> >>>>>>>>> into the Fibre access point. Wireless is turned off for
> >>>>>>>>> this device.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> I had a poke around in the mysql database using
> >>>>>>>>> phpmyadmin but was not able to find it there.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> As previous people have mentioned, the re-directs to the
> >>>>>>>>> login page were not working here either.  We are a
> >>>>>>>>> backpackers and have people with tablets, iphones, mac's
> >>>>>>>>> windows pc's android phones of various ages all behaving
> >>>>>>>>> the same way.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> I downloaded the fixed version of coova-chilli and it
> >>>>>>>>> started working.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> The one thing that is not working, and I would like it
> >>>>>>>>> to, is that on the dhcp leases page nothing is shown
> >>>>>>>>> there.  It all gets posted to syslog.  What file do I need
> >>>>>>>>> to change in order to make the leases show up there?
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> Regards,
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> Christopher.
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>> --
> >>>>>>>>> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> >>>>>>>>> http://grasehotspot.org
> >>>>>>>>> ---
> >>>>>>>>> You received this message because you are subscribed to
> >>>>>>>>> the Google
> >>>>>>>>> Groups "Grase Hotspot" group.
> >>>>>>>>> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails
> >>>>>>>>> from it, send an email to
> >>>>>>>>> gr***.@grasehotspot.org. To post
> >>>>>>>>> to this group, send email to gr***.@grasehotspot.org.
> >>>>>>>>> Visit
> >>>>>>>>> this group at
> >>>>>>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-
> >>>>>>>>> ho ts po t/. To view this discussion on the web visit
> >>>>>>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/gras
> >>>>>>>>> e- ho tsp ot/4
> >>>>>>>>> 8630296-537e-4fff-9a92-234766cea8a2%40grasehotspot.org
> >>>>>>>>> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/gras
> >>>>>>>>> e- ho ts pot/
> >>>>>>>>> 48630296-537e-4fff-9a92-234766cea8a2%40grasehotspot.org?u
> >>>>>>>>> tm _m
> >>>>>>>>> ed ium= email&utm_source=footer> .
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>> --
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>>
> >>>>>>> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> >>>>>>> http://grasehotspot.org
> >>>>>>> ---
> >>>>>>> You received this message because you are subscribed to the
> >>>>>>> Google
> >>>>>>> Groups
> >>>>>>> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> >>>>>>> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
> >>>>>>> it, send an email to
> >>>>>>> gr***e@grasehotspot.org. To
> >>>>>>> post to this group, send email to
> >>>>>>> gr***t@grasehotspot.org. Visit this group
> >>>>> at
> >>>>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hots
> >>>>>>> po t/ . To view this discussion on the web visit
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspo
> >>>>> t/ 84
> >>>>> 87
> >>>>> 0
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>>> b6b-dc3a-4e10-ad78-a1ffdaa094b4%40grasehotspot.org
> >>>>>>> <https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-h
> >>>>>>> ot sp ot /848
> >>>>>>> 70b6b-dc3a-4e10-ad78-a1ffdaa094b4%40grasehotspot.org?utm_medi
> >>>>>>> um =em
> >>>>>>> ai l&u tm_source=footer> .
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>> --
> >>>>>> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>> http://grasehotspot.org
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>> ---
> >>>>>> You received this message because you are subscribed to the
> >>>>>> Google
> >>>>>> Groups
> >>>>>> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> >>>>>> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from
> >>>>>> it, send an email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org.
> >>>>>> To
> >>>>>> post to this group, send email to
> >>>>>> gr***t@grasehotspot.org. Visit
> >>>>>> this group at
> >>>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspo
> >>>>>> t/ .
> >>>>>> To view this discussion on the web visit
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspo
> >>>>> t/ CA
> >>>>> ES
> >>>>> Lx
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>> 0LB7vTSfYK61%3Daz5ajWZgGtHvr%2B4ABeyLZ%3DcrjpVtNnrQ%40mail.gmai
> >>>>>> l. co m.
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>> --
> >>>>> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> >>>>> http://grasehotspot.org
> >>>>> ---
> >>>>> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
> >>>>>  Groups
> >>>>> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> >>>>> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it,
> >>>>> send an email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org. To
> >>>>> post to this group, send email to gr***t@grasehotspot.org.
> >>>>> Visit
> >>>>> this group at
> >>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspot/
> >>>>> .
> >>>>> To view this discussion on the web visit
> >>>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot
> >>>>> /e
> >>>>> 75
> >>>>> 2c
> >>>>> a2db889a8df05bdf818b0fdee0c.squirrel%40www.pc-networking-services.
> >>>>> co m .
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>>
> >>>>
> >>>> --
> >>>> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> >>>> http://grasehotspot.org
> >>>> ---
> >>>> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
> >>>> Groups
> >>>> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> >>>> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it,
> >>>> send an email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org. To post
> >>>> to this group, send email to gr***t@grasehotspot.org. Visit
> >>>> this group at
> >>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspot/.
> >>>> To view this discussion on the web visit
> >>>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/C
> >>>> AE
> >>>> SL
> >>>> x 0L0pW%3DoDftgbpjChp0a2yrx5H0Z4tdxHTpUOCsH7nckVA%40mail.gmail.com.
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>>
> >>>
> >>>
> >>> --
> >>> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> >>> http://grasehotspot.org
> >>> ---
> >>> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
> >>> Groups
> >>> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> >>> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
> >>>  an email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org. To post to
> >>> this group, send email to gr***t@grasehotspot.org. Visit this
> >>> group at
> >>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspot/.
> >>> To view this discussion on the web visit
> >>> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/1bc
> >>> 05
> >>> e
> >>> fba8e27642b26793d7b7efbb0f.squirrel%40www.pc-networking-services.com.
> >>>
> >>>
> >>
> >>
> >> --
> >> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> >> http://grasehotspot.org
> >> ---
> >> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
> >> Groups
> >> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> >> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send
> >> an email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org. To post to this
> >> group, send email to gr***t@grasehotspot.org. Visit this group
> >> at https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspot/.
> >> To view this discussion on the web visit
> >>
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/60fa4
> >> 4
> >> 3a498d9cba0b535314e583bcec.squirrel%40www.pc-networking-services.com.
> >>
> >>
> >>
> >
> >
> > --
> > This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project
> http://grasehotspot.org
> >  ---
> > You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
> > "Grase Hotspot" group.
> > To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
> > email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org. To post to this
> > group, send email to gr***t@grasehotspot.org. Visit this group at
> > https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspot/.
> > To view this discussion on the web visit
> >
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/a452c6
> > 159d74c7302de5dfd6ff941729.squirrel%40www.pc-networking-services.com.
> >
> >
>
>
> --
> This mailing list is for the Grase Hotspot Project http://grasehotspot.org
> ---
> You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups
> "Grase Hotspot" group.
> To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an
> email to gr***e@grasehotspot.org.
> To post to this group, send email to gr***t@grasehotspot.org.
> Visit this group at
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/group/grase-hotspot/.
> To view this discussion on the web visit
> https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/d/msgid/grase-hotspot/a6092e880d5afb01cd230c49ad4678c8.squirrel%40www.pc-networking-services.com
> .
>
{% endraw %}
```

## Thread

+ Return to [May 2016](/archive/2016/05)

+ Return to "[Christopher Gregory <me***e<span>@</span>pc-networking-services.com>](/authors/me___e_at_pcnetworkingservices_com)"
+ Return to "[Timothy White <ti***8<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/ti___8_at_gmail_com)"

+ _Unknown thread root_
  + 2016-05-26 (Fri, 27 May 2016 00:47:35 +1200) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] dhcp lease pool after default install](/archive/2016/05/c66c9337b8895e2653181028c4c5ca93365e0c4f83ad0727cc2896a75f4f2540) - _Christopher Gregory \<me***e@pc-networking-services.com\>_
    + 2016-05-26 (Fri, 27 May 2016 06:17:44 +1000) - Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] dhcp lease pool after default install - _Timothy White \<ti***8@gmail.com\>_

