---
layout: default
title: >
    2013-01-10 - [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem
---

# 2013-01-10 - [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem

## Header Data

From: Bob Hunt \<bo***2@gmail.com\><br>
Message Hash: 35fab423ffa779e13edf96ce5e7e42aeb944a1f63ef7290fa3c36c7845527a3d<br>
Message ID: \<CAA-jMMS2C4pjAb2WyXxY6GD=oaBzFr1Kkpq=XU+Kcmn7uQpkdw@mail.gmail.com\><br>
Reply To: _N/A_<br>
UTC Datetime: 2013-01-10 19:54:23 UTC<br>
Raw Date: Fri, 11 Jan 2013 13:54:23 +1100<br>

## Raw message

```
{% raw  %}Hi Tim,

It looks like my system  auto-updated to 3.7.7.3 overnight and this
morning freeradius wasn't running and wouldn't start on rebooting.

I reinstalled grase-conf-freeradius_1.9.5_all.deb and got the hotspot
running again after a couple of reboots.

Not sure if its a problem with my system or with the upgrade, just
thought that you should know.about the issue  (you probable already
do)

Cheers,

Bpb





On Fri, Jan 11, 2013 at 3:41 AM,
<gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net> wrote:
> Send Grase-hotspot mailing list submissions to
>         gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>
> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
>         https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
>         gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>
> You can reach the person managing the list at
>         gr***r@lists.sourceforge.net
>
> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
> than "Re: Contents of Grase-hotspot digest..."
>
>
> Today's Topics:
>
>    1. Re: How to import your new fingerprint key (Timothy White)
>    2. Re: How to import your new fingerprint key (Thomas Stefanidis)
>    3. Re: How to import your new fingerprint key (Thomas Stefanidis)
>    4. Re: wds slow and maximum bandwidth (Santiago Berniz)
>
>
> ----------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> Message: 1
> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 22:09:12 +1000
> From: Timothy White <ti***8@gmail.com>
> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] How to import your new fingerprint key
> To: GRASE Hotspot <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
> Message-ID:
>         <CA***A@mail.gmail.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>
> That's odd. I'm not at work till tomorrow so will have to wait till then.
> What's the error message you get? Apt normally allows you to still install
> unauthenticated packages so if it prevents it I want to try and make sure
> it doesn't happen again.
>
> Tim
> On 10 Jan 2013 21:42, "Thomas Stefanidis" <th***s@gmail.com>
> wrote:
>
>> it doesn't allow me to update, that's why i sent this mail.
>> If it's not a problem, send me the command.
>>
>> Thanks.
>>
>> On Thu, Jan 10, 2013 at 1:27 PM, Timothy White <ti***8@gmail.com>wrote:
>>
>>> It shouldn't be preventing you from updating (it'll just warn you).
>>> Install the latest grase-repo and it should import the key correctly. (Then
>>> do apt-get update again)
>>> If it doesn't, let me know and I'll find the fingerprint and commands to
>>> import it manually.
>>>
>>> Tim
>>> On Jan 10, 2013 9:03 PM, "Tomas213" <to***3@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>>  Tim, i have a problem with the signing key.
>>>> How do i import your new key?
>>>>
>>>> Thomas
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>>>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>>>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>>>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>>>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>>>> _______________________________________________
>>>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>>>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>>>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>>> _______________________________________________
>>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>>
>>>
>>
>>
>> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>> _______________________________________________
>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>
>>
> -------------- next part --------------
> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>
> ------------------------------
>
> Message: 2
> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 17:27:02 +0200
> From: Thomas Stefanidis <th***s@gmail.com>
> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] How to import your new fingerprint key
> To: GRASE Hotspot General Discussions
>         <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
> Message-ID:
>         <CAPz6xh6+nTb=JxBFSH32RJ=Q+***Q@mail.gmail.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>
> Hi.
> I finally tried to update, restart the pc and now it seems that grace does
> not work.
> I can't get into the admin web interface.
> Grace seems to be running ( i can connect to internet), but it seems like
> apache is not working.
> anyone else having this problem?
> I'm trying to read the logs to see what's wrong.
>
> Thomas
>
> On Thu, Jan 10, 2013 at 2:09 PM, Timothy White <ti***8@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> That's odd. I'm not at work till tomorrow so will have to wait till then.
>> What's the error message you get? Apt normally allows you to still install
>> unauthenticated packages so if it prevents it I want to try and make sure
>> it doesn't happen again.
>>
>> Tim
>> On 10 Jan 2013 21:42, "Thomas Stefanidis" <th***s@gmail.com>
>> wrote:
>>
>>> it doesn't allow me to update, that's why i sent this mail.
>>> If it's not a problem, send me the command.
>>>
>>> Thanks.
>>>
>>> On Thu, Jan 10, 2013 at 1:27 PM, Timothy White <ti***8@gmail.com>wrote:
>>>
>>>> It shouldn't be preventing you from updating (it'll just warn you).
>>>> Install the latest grase-repo and it should import the key correctly. (Then
>>>> do apt-get update again)
>>>> If it doesn't, let me know and I'll find the fingerprint and commands to
>>>> import it manually.
>>>>
>>>> Tim
>>>> On Jan 10, 2013 9:03 PM, "Tomas213" <to***3@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>>  Tim, i have a problem with the signing key.
>>>>> How do i import your new key?
>>>>>
>>>>> Thomas
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>>>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>>>>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>>>>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>>>>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>>>>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>>>>> _______________________________________________
>>>>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>>>>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>>>>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>>>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>>>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>>>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>>>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>>>> _______________________________________________
>>>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>>>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>>>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>>> _______________________________________________
>>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>>
>>>
>>
>> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>> _______________________________________________
>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>
>>
> -------------- next part --------------
> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>
> ------------------------------
>
> Message: 3
> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 17:47:12 +0200
> From: Thomas Stefanidis <th***s@gmail.com>
> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] How to import your new fingerprint key
> To: GRASE Hotspot General Discussions
>         <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
> Message-ID:
>         <CA***A@mail.gmail.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>
> Apache logs seems nothing..Actually apache seems to work, but it seems like
> grace page is not working.
> i get these errors after trying to restart manually chilli :
>
> Starting chilli: coova-chilli: invalid numeric value: --dhcpend
> coova-chilli[4344]: options.c: 180: could not generate configuration
> (/var/run/chilli.4344.cfg.bin), sleeping one second
>
>
>
> Thomas
> -------------- next part --------------
> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>
> ------------------------------
>
> Message: 4
> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 11:41:42 -0500
> From: Santiago Berniz <sb***z@gmail.com>
> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] wds slow and maximum bandwidth
> To: gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
> Message-ID:
>         <CA+9ZPKpqCMQuYYoDgi=hf***Q@mail.gmail.com>
> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>
> Thanks Tim      for the informationI was aware of cutting in half but not
> down to only 3 specially with only one wds .although it could be a
> distance   or configuration problem I just can't figure out what. Also
> what  can I check for the server not receiving full 35 mbps
> Thanks
> Santiago
> On Jan 10, 2013 6:42 AM, <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
> wrote:
>>
>> Send Grase-hotspot mailing list submissions to
>>         gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>>
>> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
>>         https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
>>         gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>>
>> You can reach the person managing the list at
>>         gr***r@lists.sourceforge.net
>>
>> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
>> than "Re: Contents of Grase-hotspot digest..."
>>
>>
>> Today's Topics:
>>
>>    1. Re: wds slow help and internet not reachiing maximum
>>       bandwidth (Tim White)
>>    2. Re: Manual IP Tables changes (Peter Cummins)
>>    3. Re: 3.7.7.2 PLEASE TEST (Was Re: 3.7.7 Release    coming soon!)
>>       (Thomas Stefanidis)
>>    4. How to import your new fingerprint key (Tomas213)
>>    5. Re: How to import your new fingerprint key (Timothy White)
>>    6. Re: How to import your new fingerprint key (Thomas Stefanidis)
>>
>>
>> ----------------------------------------------------------------------
>>
>> Message: 1
>> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 10:41:33 +1000
>> From: Tim White <ti***8@gmail.com>
>> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] wds slow help and internet not reachiing
>>         maximum bandwidth
>> To: GRASE Hotspot General Discussions
>>         <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
>> Message-ID: <50***6@gmail.com>
>> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
>>
>> On 10/01/13 10:31, Santiago Berniz wrote:
>> >
>> > Hi All, I'm wondering if anyone had experience sae problem with wds
>> > being slow. I have dd-wrt installed and direct conection works somehow
>> > great.. at least i get about 20mbps. HOwever, I did test speed on the
>> > server directly connected and it gives me only 20mbps, i have 35mbps.
>> > and with a direct cable conection to the internet or router trhough
>> > internet works fine. Wondering if it is something on the grase system
>> > or it could just be my network card. I know is not the cable because i
>> > tested with same cable on a different computer and goes to 35mbps.
>> > On the WDS Part, the secondary router, does not go faster than 3mbps,
>> > could it be that distance between routers is affecting the speed at
>> > which the signal is received? or something i got wrong? although at
>> > the same distance my computer receives 14mbps over wireless.. any help
>> > is appreciated.
>> >
>>
>> The way WDS works, you'll always lose bandwidth.
>> See http://www.keenansystems.com/newug/bblog/?postid=17.
>> "Because you are repeating the wireless signal with only one radio on
>> one channel Each WDS link cuts the available bandwidth in 1/2 and adds a
>> small amount of latency."
>>
>> Thats why the best way to do this is multiple access points connected to
>> a switch via ethernet wires, and have them all on the same SSID but
>> different channels. Roaming won't work as well as WDS, a client will
>> hang on to an AP until it can no longer connect to it, even if there is
>> a stronger one near it, so you can actually put the AP's further apart
>> than with WDS and it'll work well.
>>
>> Tim
>>
>>
>>
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Message: 2
>> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 17:50:49 +1000
>> From: Peter Cummins <pe***r@computingeverywhere.com.au>
>> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] Manual IP Tables changes
>> To: GRASE Hotspot General Discussions
>>         <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
>> Message-ID: <13***9@computingeverywhere.com.au>
>> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="utf-8"
>>
>> It has been a few years since I last created the needed tables, so I will
> have to work them out again. If putting the rules in the up.sh file will
> constantly apply them then I will try that. I do not quite follow what you
> mean about the tun0 interface, but I am sure that I can find out.
>>
>> I will give this a try and let you know how I go. If you have any
> relevant flashes of brilliance in the meantime feel free to let me know. :-)
>>
>>
>> > On 10/01/13 09:58, Peter Cummins wrote:
>> > > I would like to have two WAN ports, with certain network devices
> (specified by MAC address) using the second WAN. I have done this
> previously just using Linux and IP Tables, but not alongside HotSpot
> software.
>> > >
>> > >
>> > Can you show me examples of the iptable rules you'd use?
>> > The way Coova Chilli works (the hotspot controller software), it NAT's
>> > the connections so they'll all appear to come from the servers ip
>> > address. The server should still have the MAC address if you do the
>> > second WAN on the server, however you'll need to operate on the tun0
>> > interface and not on the ethX LAN interface. If the rules never change,
>> > you can probably have them in the up.sh file that is run at chilli
> startup.
>> >
>> > Tim
>> >
>> >
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> > Master Java SE, Java EE, Eclipse, Spring, Hibernate, JavaScript, jQuery
>> > and much more. Keep your Java skills current with LearnJavaNow -
>> > 200+ hours of step-by-step video tutorials by Java experts.
>> > SALE $49.99 this month only -- learn more at:
>> > http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122612
>> > _______________________________________________
>> > Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> > Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> > https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>> >
>> --
>>
>> Regards,
>> Peter Cummins
>> Head Tech, Computing Everywhere
>> Ph. 1300 583 007 Fax: 1300456950
>> www.computingeverywhere.com.au
>> http://www.facebook.com/ComputingEverywhere
>>
>> Other Services we offer:
>>
>> -->Backup Services:
>> 1. External Hard drives
>> 2. Backup Software/Setup
>> Buy and setup yourself, or have our tech set it up for you.
>>
>> -->Extended 2 Year Warranty on Systems supplied by Computing Everywhere:
>> Includes labour, travel and parts: $200 for each computer
>>
>> -->Service Agreement:
>> What?s in it for you?
>> 1. 1 scheduled maintenance visit per month, first hour on-site free (no
> travel charged)
>> 2. Any time resulting from that appointment, after the first hour,
> charged at $90/hour.
>> 3. ALL other appointments during the month are charged at $95/hour.
>> [$90 /month (2 months minimum)]
>>
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Message: 3
>> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 11:43:48 +0200
>> From: Thomas Stefanidis <th***s@gmail.com>
>> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.2 PLEASE TEST (Was Re: 3.7.7
>>         Release coming soon!)
>> To: GRASE Hotspot General Discussions
>>         <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
>> Message-ID:
>>         <CAPz6xh47Zx2tJN4Z_0uuB=Lz6yU_FK3795oJXTDz6QkzPzX=
> sg***g@mail.gmail.com>
>> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>>
>> Thanks Tim.
>> Will install the update asap and will let u know.
>>
>> Thomas
>>
>> On Wed, Jan 9, 2013 at 10:13 PM, Tim White <ti***8@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>> > On 07/01/13 21:05, Tomas213 wrote:
>> > > Can some confirm this?
>> > > On the Coova Chilli section, on the "DHCP Start" (10.1.0.200) and
>> > > "DHCP End" (10.1.0.250) , i add the range i want, i save but when i
>> > > get into the page, the IP range is without dots : 1010200 and 1010250
>> > >
>> > > thanks.
>> >
>> > Hi Thomas
>> >
>> > Thanks for finding this bug for us! It's probably what was causing all
>> > your issues. I've now fixed it and there is now a 3.7.7.3 release that
>> > is in the dev repository.
>> >
>> > Thanks
>> >
>> > Tim
>> >
>> >
>> >
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> > Master Java SE, Java EE, Eclipse, Spring, Hibernate, JavaScript, jQuery
>> > and much more. Keep your Java skills current with LearnJavaNow -
>> > 200+ hours of step-by-step video tutorials by Java experts.
>> > SALE $49.99 this month only -- learn more at:
>> > http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122612
>> > _______________________________________________
>> > Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> > Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> > https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>> >
>> -------------- next part --------------
>> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>>
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Message: 4
>> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 13:03:26 +0200
>> From: Tomas213 <to***3@gmail.com>
>> Subject: [GRASE-Hotspot] How to import your new fingerprint key
>> To: GRASE Hotspot General Discussions
>>         <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
>> Message-ID:
>>         <CAPz6xh6CvQuC_RDHstQ002qyNZupbU-O4K5Wu3cHxV7=-
> Uw***Q@mail.gmail.com>
>> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>>
>> Tim, i have a problem with the signing key.
>> How do i import your new key?
>>
>> Thomas
>> -------------- next part --------------
>> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>>
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Message: 5
>> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 21:27:03 +1000
>> From: Timothy White <ti***8@gmail.com>
>> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] How to import your new fingerprint key
>> To: GRASE Hotspot <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
>> Message-ID:
>>         <CAESLx0+DN4oBZ1j=JGTzqL=
> BS***w@mail.gmail.com>
>> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>>
>> It shouldn't be preventing you from updating (it'll just warn you).
> Install
>> the latest grase-repo and it should import the key correctly. (Then do
>> apt-get update again)
>> If it doesn't, let me know and I'll find the fingerprint and commands to
>> import it manually.
>>
>> Tim
>> On Jan 10, 2013 9:03 PM, "Tomas213" <to***3@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>> > Tim, i have a problem with the signing key.
>> > How do i import your new key?
>> >
>> > Thomas
>> >
>> >
>> >
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> > Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>> > MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>> > with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>> > MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>> > http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>> > _______________________________________________
>> > Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> > Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> > https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>> >
>> >
>> -------------- next part --------------
>> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>>
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Message: 6
>> Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2013 13:41:50 +0200
>> From: Thomas Stefanidis <th***s@gmail.com>
>> Subject: Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] How to import your new fingerprint key
>> To: GRASE Hotspot General Discussions
>>         <gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net>
>> Message-ID:
>>         <
> CA***A@mail.gmail.com>
>> Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
>>
>> it doesn't allow me to update, that's why i sent this mail.
>> If it's not a problem, send me the command.
>>
>> Thanks.
>>
>> On Thu, Jan 10, 2013 at 1:27 PM, Timothy White <ti***8@gmail.com>
> wrote:
>>
>> > It shouldn't be preventing you from updating (it'll just warn you).
>> > Install the latest grase-repo and it should import the key correctly.
> (Then
>> > do apt-get update again)
>> > If it doesn't, let me know and I'll find the fingerprint and commands to
>> > import it manually.
>> >
>> > Tim
>> > On Jan 10, 2013 9:03 PM, "Tomas213" <to***3@gmail.com> wrote:
>> >
>> >> Tim, i have a problem with the signing key.
>> >> How do i import your new key?
>> >>
>> >> Thomas
>> >>
>> >>
>> >>
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> >> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>> >> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>> >> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>> >> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>> >> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>> >> _______________________________________________
>> >> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> >> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> >> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>> >>
>> >>
>> >
>> >
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> > Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>> > MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>> > with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>> > MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>> > http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>> > _______________________________________________
>> > Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> > Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> > https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>> >
>> >
>> -------------- next part --------------
>> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>>
>> ------------------------------
>>
>>
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
>> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
>> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
>> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
>> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>>
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> Grase-hotspot mailing list
>> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
>> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>>
>>
>> End of Grase-hotspot Digest, Vol 20, Issue 6
>> ********************************************
> -------------- next part --------------
> An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
>
> ------------------------------
>
> ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> Master Visual Studio, SharePoint, SQL, ASP.NET, C# 2012, HTML5, CSS,
> MVC, Windows 8 Apps, JavaScript and much more. Keep your skills current
> with LearnDevNow - 3,200 step-by-step video tutorials by Microsoft
> MVPs and experts. ON SALE this month only -- learn more at:
> http://p.sf.net/sfu/learnmore_122712
>
> ------------------------------
>
> _______________________________________________
> Grase-hotspot mailing list
> Gr***t@lists.sourceforge.net
> https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/grase-hotspot
>
>
> End of Grase-hotspot Digest, Vol 20, Issue 7
> ********************************************



-- 
Bob Hunt
20 Clarke Street
Wyndham
NSW 2550
Australia

Phone/fax 61 (0)2 64942030



{% endraw %}
```

## Thread

+ Return to [January 2013](/archive/2013/01)

+ Return to "[Bob Hunt <bo***2<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/bo___2_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Thomas Stefanidis <th***s<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/th___s_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Tim White <ti***8<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/ti___8_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Timothy White <ti***8<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/ti___8_at_gmail_com)"
+ Return to "[Tomas213 <to***3<span>@</span>gmail.com>](/authors/to___3_at_gmail_com)"

+ 2013-01-10 (Fri, 11 Jan 2013 13:54:23 +1100) - [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem - _Bob Hunt \<bo***2@gmail.com\>_
  + 2013-01-11 (Fri, 11 Jan 2013 20:50:46 +1000) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem](/archive/2013/01/382adcee8260a53f702a2fbf921ac53d3bf930144452b6556a45c6137a0790e8) - _Tim White \<ti***8@gmail.com\>_
    + 2013-01-11 (Fri, 11 Jan 2013 13:28:59 +0200) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem](/archive/2013/01/a33e6ad9e0806e1921910cc17184a593e02f5664d6b413765c66c06628b156e7) - _Thomas Stefanidis \<th***s@gmail.com\>_
      + 2013-01-11 (Fri, 11 Jan 2013 21:36:14 +1000) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem](/archive/2013/01/3aea8503e7a83af1a24ee6717aec80bdc6030cfa6f0759b06780626f43746314) - _Timothy White \<ti***8@gmail.com\>_
        + 2013-01-11 (Fri, 11 Jan 2013 14:26:28 +0200) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem](/archive/2013/01/e86d432d65d93e82131877021ee6516bee3e1b8c5128b0c0db270e83a0a826b2) - _Thomas Stefanidis \<th***s@gmail.com\>_
          + 2013-01-11 (Fri, 11 Jan 2013 18:06:30 +0200) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem](/archive/2013/01/9b800e3c24ffed7216398c3b47e251e20ada65daa260e808fb6a50ac41812fc1) - _Tomas213 \<to***3@gmail.com\>_
            + 2013-01-11 (Sat, 12 Jan 2013 06:54:54 +1000) - [Re: [GRASE-Hotspot] 3.7.7.3 problem](/archive/2013/01/27a6f27882568493e6fcfa3a7d424effeb8e36d83439af2379475997ade94197) - _Tim White \<ti***8@gmail.com\>_

